PURPOSE:

The purpose of this document is to give a more detailed description of the architectural choises made
to perform into the software system all the functionalities described into the RAS document.

Therefore, if the RASD describes all the features that the system must indulge according to the stakeholders needs, the DD describes how
it has been thought to convert all the high-level system requirements into the design structure.

It provides guidance and material which is intended to assist technical staff to perform system testing and implementation and, moreover,
to facilitate future maintenance and features extension.

List of topics covered by the document:

- High-level architecture.
- Main Components, interfaces and deployment.
- Runtime behavior.
- Design Patterns.
- UI details.
- Mapping between requirements and architecture.
- Implementation, integration and testing plan.



SCOPE:
Here a short review of SafeStreet scope reffered to what just stated in the RAS document.

Safestreet is a software thought to make users able to report traffic violations to authorities.
Anyone can report violations simply opening SafeStreet application and taking several pictures
of them. For each violation is required at most 6 pictures in which 1 of the involved vehicle license plate.

In order to guarantee to authorities the reliability of data gathered, which means that pictures can
not be altered or modified, the latter can be only taken in the application itself.

To make it easier the reporting process all other information are automatically mined by the system, such as time, date,
geographical location and license plate; the last one is extracted by the system from the license plate picture. 

Finally, user is asked to choose the violation type from a predefined set and confirm the above listed data that will be sent.

If no errors occur, the system stores the violation, otherwise it is refused.

Authorities, in order to access information concerning reports made by users, must log into the SafeStreet website.

They are allowed to discard, modify and validate violations sent by users, in order to take into account only
pertinent violations.
Thanks to the data granted by the SafeStreet initiative and the validation performed by authorities, they can
even decide to generate traffic tickets from validated violations. 

Authorities can also upload information about accidents that occur on the municipality. 

The software provides also a service to offer both users and authorities statistics
computed on the available data. Obviously, in order to make statistics
consistent and reliable, the latter are generated only by information validated by authorities.

Statistics highlight streets or areas with the highest frequency of violations, the 
vehicles that commit the most ones or the infractions trend that occurs
over time. 

Crossing data gathered by users and authorities, the system can identify potentially unsafe areas and suggest
interventions in order to improve streets safety. 